Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Yes? Hello?
Okay.
No.
What do you mean he hasn't
been to work in two days?
I don't understand.
I called his sister
two months ago.
I said I was concerned.
You're telling me no one's
gone to check on him.
Yep.
I'll head over now.
Yep. I'll let you know.
Jackson?
Hello?
How far out are you going today?
Far.
We'll be back in port
by tomorrow morning.
You want to trade places?
I can't.
Why?
The bar exam.
The bar exam. Darn.
Oh. it'll be good for you.
Hmm? What?
To put a suit on again.
You still want to trade places?
Well. there's a lot
out there I don't know about.
so land is just fine.
I want to talk to you
about something.
Okay. What's that?
I haven't really
given up on the idea of...
Of what?
Trying again.
Elliot? What do you think?
I don't want to replace her.
Mr. Campbell?
Uh...
I'm sorry.
Could you say that again?
Wouldn't you fight?
Fight for your child?
Yes. Well. I'll need to do some
digging of my own
and go over these--
These documents
that you gathered.
I don't understand.
You're considering
not taking us on?
Well. I'm... I'm weighing
the strength of the case.
If you give me time to do that.
then I can give you an answer.
Strength of the case?
Do you understand
what we've been through?
What we've lost?
It was a poor choice of words.
I'm just explaining
that it's a process.
We took
a two-and-a-half-hour-long
ferry ride from Nantucket
to make this meeting.
I-I know you did.
Gavin shaped this out
to be a certain thing.
If he did say that.
then he overstated.
He also said you were
the best personal injury lawyer
Cape Cod had to offer.
"The man for the job."
Did he overstate that too?
Mr. Reynolds. Mrs. Reynolds.
I think that we have just gotten
off on the wrong foot here.
Oh...
Jameson...
It's a damn waste of time.
Come on.
Let me at least get
the door for you.
No. no. that's quite all right.
I stuck my neck out
for you. Elliot.
You said you were back
to yourself.
I know I did.
The Reynolds are very upset
about that meeting.
I wouldn't have
sent them your way
if it meant bruising
my reputation.
Gavin. I will--
I'll make it right.
And how's that?
By drowning yourself
in a bottle
and waking up in a cold sweat?
Look at you.
I can help them.
You could.
But man. we both know
you are a damn good lawyer.
Not the person I used to be.
The night you found
Willow and you called me.
Willow!
I rushed over.
I could see
then what it did to you.
what it would do to you.
Despite what's happened.
there are things in this world
that you have to come back to.
Hell. even look forward to.
Maybe that's not what I want.
To be happy?
You don't understand.
Then help me.
This...
this pain that I have with me.
I mean. that's all
that I have left of her.
Elliot. please...
don't bury yourself.
Hey. Elliot!
Yeah. I'll see you tomorrow.
Hello?
Hello? Uh. Mrs. Reynolds?
Is that you?
This is. um...
This is Elliot Campbell.
This is she.
Well. I think I...
I owe you an apology.
Um...
The other day when you were--
You were in here.
in my office and...
My behavior was unacceptable.
To be totally honest.
I mean. you just--
You caught me at a bad time.
Um. I just wanted to say
I'm sorry.
Thank you for the apology.
Of course. of course.
Mr. Campbell...
Yes?
We would be honored
to have you represent us.
Really? That's so great to hear.
Good.
So you'll accept the case?
Yes. yes. yes. Absolutely.
And if you have
anything for me.
feel free to fax it over here
to my office.
We can do that.
Great.
Have a good day. Mr. Campbell.
Goodbye.
How in the world?
Oh. what?
What is it? Are you all right?
What? Yes. I'm fine. Are you?
Why-- Why do you ask?
You were having some
sort of nightmare.
Nightmare?
Yeah.
No. no. no.
I wasn't having a nightmare.
I was...
dreaming about...
some place.
It's like an...
oasis or something.
What do you mean an oasis?
I don't know. It was just...
It was beautiful.
And Willow was...
Willow was there.
And he is not wearing
the state-mandated life jacket.
He liked...
Well. he liked sailing so...
...put on the life jacket.
...local police.
Threat to the...
Hello?
Elliot. Is it you?
Gavin?
How did you know I was here?
Something isn't right. Elliot.
Can't you see that?
What's-- What's not right?
You have to go now.
You have to handle
the situation at hand.
Go where?
You have to see her.
Is this about the case?
I only want to help you.
I just want
to give you purpose.
I-I-I don't--
I don't understand
what you're asking me to--
To visit the Reynolds?
Yes. Yes.
Yes. you should go.
Look. look. um...
I think. um...
Let's. uh... let's get together
and talk about this
in person. okay?
Get together?
Yeah.
Meet somewhere.
Yes. let's meet
at the Shipwreck Lounge.
just off the pier's main drag.
Uh. okay.
When do you want to meet?
Gavin?
Correct me if I'm wrong. son.
but it appears you require
the comfort of a stiff drink.
I'm sorry.
Do we know each other?
I couldn't say.
The name's Porter.
Does that sound familiar?
No. I-I guess not.
What about your name?
Elliot Campbell.
You are the local lawyer.
aren't you?
Yeah. that's me.
This is a quaint community.
I've had a delightful time
familiarizing myself with it.
You're not from here?
I mean. to be honest. I...
I only had ever
heard of this place
for the first time tonight.
The Shipwreck Lounge.
Yeah.
The original
establishment closed
when its founder
was lost at sea.
You see. I changed the name.
Good humor. bad taste.
Boulevardier
is a divine beverage.
and I think it's the perfect
aperitif for you.
When you took a seat at my bar.
I saw something that a man in
my profession sees all the time.
What?
An unrelenting weight
on your shoulders.
the kind that cripples
a good person.
The woman that was sitting
down there. she was my--
No need to explain.
As proprietor here.
I see all the comings
and goings.
I probably need another one.
Well. then. an establishment
like this is not conducive
to a man with your condition.
Been trying to beat it.
You'll beat it.
I'm sure of it.
Word of advice:
take a trip.
Someplace away
from all these distractions.
A trip?
Yes. Sail away. if you will.
I may have to...
I may have to go
to Nantucket for business.
It's this important
case that I'm working.
How perfect.
An opportunity
to distance yourself
and confront this burden
that you carry.
Yeah. Yeah.
It is an opportunity.
isn't it?
Mr. Campbell?
Elliot.
Are you willing
to commit this journey
right here.
right now?
I'm not sure. uh...
Would it not benefit you
to rest with some clarity.
knowing that tomorrow
will be a different day...
a different time.
a different place.
Yeah.
So we are in agreement then?
Hmm.
On that note...
...you've made the right
decision. son.
Yeah. yeah. I think so.
A toast...
to getting away from it all.
To getting away
from it all.
Hello?
With me-- With me-- With me...
Where am I?
What exactly is it
you're doing?
Making the root.
The many questions
you must have. my dear boy.
All of which will be answered
in due time.
The root.
It's a native plant
to our island.
It can be used
for medicinal purposes.
You're...
You're the bartender
from the Shipwreck Lounge.
I'm afraid you have me
mistaken for someone else.
I am the Historian.
But I--
Burdened by a sense
of confusion.
Not to worry.
It's a common symptom
for those who trek
through the island dunes.
Our root carries a pungent odor.
When inhaled. its side effects
can be hallucinatory.
The symptoms will fade in time.
Any good practitioner
of the trait will tell you
that history is written
by the victors.
And you would be wise to listen.
My collection. however.
keeps a record
of the forgotten.
I've lived on the cape
my entire life
and seen every lighthouse
from Monomoy...
to Woods End.
But this place. I mean.
I've never seen anything
like this place.
Ah. the sea is a veil
for many secrets.
Few are privy.
How did you come to be here?
Did Elise not enlighten you?
She was brief.
My fascinations
required a convent
to conceal the work
from prying eyes.
So I set sail. only to land
on these sacred grounds.
I'm-- I'm-- I'm sorry.
but are you saying
that you discovered this place?
Flattering. but. um.
things do not live and die
by our field of vision.
Although. I will concede
that my greatest pride
is being the first face
this island every saw.
Look. I have an important case
in Nantucket tomorrow.
I need arrangements made.
Yes. well.
I've taken the liberty
of placing a call
to Chief Mate G. Wick Smithsman.
There'll be a private
charter here to relieve you
of this inconvenience
before nightfall.
Okay.
Like the old saying.
oceans are big.
compasses are small.
and a man without knack for
direction has nothing at all.
I'm sorry. uh.
who said that exactly?
Sits with you. does it?
A guest of mine.
Do you have many guests here?
That reminds me.
Would you sign your name for me?
It's vital that I keep
a record of all our guests.
I'm really. uh. no guest.
Anyone who sets foot
in my home is my guest.
Hmm.
I understand.
A lawyer doesn't
put pen to paper
unless he produces the page.
Sorry. how do you know
that I'm--
I tend to not listen to
the mutterings of a subdued man.
But yours...
Far too interesting to ignore.
Ah. I hope you do not
pass judgment
on early indulgences.
No. no. of course not.
My favorite beverage
as of late.
It's a...
Boulevardier?
I like to save the liquored ice.
There can be good use
in often discarded things.
Wait. Elise.
We must get him one.
No. no. that's. that's fine.
My boy!
You've got hours to spare.
In fact...
take mine.
As I told you before.
you are my guest.
Oh! Oh. thank you. Thank you.
Okay. Where was I? Right.
Oh. oh.
So my dad says. before--
Before we even get
into the boat. he says.
"Go against the current."
He was a very stern guy.
Probably told us several times.
but here we come.
So-- So I push us off the rocks
and then the kayak
already starts to turn.
And we've got
the current just...
You know? Right up against
our side like that.
And before you know it.
we've done a whole 180 spin.
And...
she's screaming.
and I'm laughing
because we're going backwards.
So then. you know. we flip.
Hmm.
She falls in and she's...
she's panicking.
She's terrified.
We didn't have life jackets on.
And so she starts thrashing
her arms around.
Clocks me.
Cracks me right here
in the nose.
Yeah. but. um...
saved her life.
How?
Well. I told her...
"Stand up."
Because we were
in 4 feet of water.
Quite the punch line.
Stand up.
It's funny how time flies
like that.
Speaking of time...
No. that can't be right.
Says that it's 10:30 at night.
You must tell me more
about this woman. Dottie.
Ahem. we-- We. uh...
we married young.
We were high school sweethearts.
And I trust
all is in good standing?
Actually. I. um...
I saw her at a bar
with someone else.
That is peculiar.
And how did you see her?
I followed her.
No.
I mean how?
They were being...
physical.
Hmm. Physical.
Dare I say carnal in nature?
Bless your soul.
Though in many ways.
it is a fitting conclusion.
What do you mean?
Only from what you mentioned.
About your baby.
I told you that?
You told me everything.
That's right.
I used to be a dad.
A father. a husband. a son.
Just words.
Have very little meaning here.
Don't...
Do not be wary of what
you confide in me. Elliot.
I... I believe we share
a covenant of sorts.
I apologize.
but I must momentarily
excuse myself
from our delightful discussion.
Is everything all right?
Why. yes.
Everything is exactly
as it should be.
Elise?
I do regret the
manner
of your arrival. Elliot.
It was unkind for you
to be abandoned to the dunes.
Know that I will speak with
your guide about this debacle.
Enough lies!
You drugged me.
Do you think I wish to hurt you?
Oh. that saddens me.
What was in that drink?
The root in its native
elixir perform many wonders.
Medicine. medicine. medicine.
Sadly. the path through healing
is often riddled by pain.
Stay away from me.
Stay away from me!
When you first arrived.
Elliot.
I found you
bleeding into a stone.
I was confused
by your hesitancy.
for it was you
that called to me.
No. no. no. no. I never wanted
anything from you!
I turned to Elise
and even stated aloud.
"This is not he.
"The one we've so anxiously
been waiting.
the one summoned
to join the fold."
You brought me here.
You're the...
You're the man
from the Shipwreck Lounge!
A fish out water. eh?
I am the one
that plucked you out.
But with commitment
and openness.
you will find understanding.
and a new home.
here with your new family.
like our darling Elise did.
Stay back.
I don't want
to have to hurt you.
Elliot.
When you cast that photograph
of dear Willow into the sea.
you whispered a desire
I will not soon forget.
My daughter is dead.
Death is but a subject of time.
This is a timeless place.
and I its keeper.
Oh. you didn't die
with the memory
of your child. Elliot.
Come now.
Come now and live by it.
I'm sorry.
What is it. my dear boy?
You mustn't say it.
You must whisper it.
Willow!
Elliot?
Why would you leave me
in here alone?
Uh. I didn't.
I was with you
through all of it.
But you left.
You didn't come back.
I never should have gone.
Before you left it.
I had something to tell you.
Something important.
Yes.
It's a secret.
You can tell me now.
I hear...
everything.
Dottie. Dottie. Dottie!
Dottie. wait! Dottie. wait!
Son.
For years I would come here.
standing where you stand now.
alluded by the thought
of my late mother.
You see. time made
her distant from me.
An entire life.
a history. washed away.
Are you familiar
with that outcome?
Yes.
Give it a closer look.
It's like I suddenly
just became so aware of...
Our impermanence.
Do you see now?
Do you see now what happens
when you cease to exist?
Nothing.
Yes!
You're abandoned to the sea.
But they care very little.
Out of sight. out of mind.
Was it real?
It was real.
Only I have been there.
an unbiased.
unrelenting presence.
whispering in your ear
from the time
you felt the darkness.
What are you?
You've been adrift
for far too long. Elliot.
And where the drowned
body rises.
the soul is consumed
by the sea.
I want to go back.
I want to go back!
There is only one door
you can take.
the one in which you entered.
Please.
Do not fret. my boy.
I am here to give you purpose.
I offer the familiarity
you have strayed from.
the comfort you have longed for.
the mirror
you have sought to see!
All you have to do
is take the key.
I believe there is
a familiar face
waiting for you.
Familiar?
My name. um...
I seem to have
forgotten my name.
On the contrary...
your name has just been added.
It's okay.
I love you so much.
I love you so much. Willow.
I'll never leave you again.
I'm back.
Daddy's here.
Daddy's here forever.
Forever and ever.